Contact
230 S Broad Street, FL17
                                   Mustafa Sualp
Philadelphia, PA 19102             Startup visionary dedicated to making AI easy and collaborative.
2159176444 (Mobile)                Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States
msualp@sociail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/sualp          Summary
(LinkedIn)
                                   As a tech startup CEO with a proven track record, including a recent
Top Skills                         successful exit, I am now focused on my latest venture—delivering
Cross-functional Team Leadership   easy AI-powered collaboration to everyone. I am a passionate serial
Business Leadership                entrepreneur, AI enthusiast, do-er, futurist, innovator, servant leader,
Engineering Leadership             and devoted lifelong learner. Join me as we shape the future through
                                   cutting-edge technology and human-centered solutions!
Languages
Turkish (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)      Experience
                                   Sociail, Inc.
Honors-Awards
                                   Chief Executive Officer
Untra - Winner of the 2009         March 2023 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Philadelphia 100® Awards
                                   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States
Untra - Winner of the 2017
Philadelphia 100® Awards           As the CEO and Founder of Sociail, I am dedicated to enabling seamless AI-
AEFIS - 2016 Philadelphia 100®     powered collaboration for everyone. Sociail provides a unified platform that
Award Recipient                    brings together the best of human and AI collaboration. Join me on this journey
Untra - Emerging 200 Program       as we revolutionize human-first collaborative AI!
Award Winner

                                   HelioCampus
                                   VP, Assessment Solutions & AEFIS Founder
                                   September 2021 - June 2022 (10 months)
                                   Bethesda, Maryland, United States

                                   Leveraging my experience in founding and scaling AEFIS into a top-tier
                                   EdTech enterprise, I played a pivotal role in orchestrating its seamless
                                   merger with HelioCampus. As the Vice President of Assessment Solutions
                                   at HelioCampus, I remained dedicated to ensuring smooth integration and
                                   overseeing critical transitions post-acquisition.


                                   AEFIS
                                   Chief Executive Officer
                                   October 2012 - June 2022 (9 years 9 months)
                                   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States

                                   Founded in 2012, AEFIS went from boot-strapped startup to a leading
                                   EdTech company offering SaaS based Assessment Management Solution
                                                                       Page 1 of 3
to HigherEd. In 2018 successfully completed a Seed Funding Round, which
allowed us to continue rapid growth during COVID and successful exit in
September 2021.


I am forever grateful for my amazing team (A-Team), our incredible investors,
our advisors and mentors, and phenomenal partners (aka clients), and for
the opportunity we have been given to create a strong positive social impact
during a time of uncertainty and disruption. Onwards and upwards!


UNTRA Corporation
Chief Executive Officer
April 1999 - December 2017 (18 years 9 months)
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States

Untra provided managed technology services, enterprise software
development, infrastructure and cloud solutions, surge capacity, and team
augmentation for companies in the financial services sector. Untra helped fund
and incubate the early development and growth of AEFIS, INC.


untraAMS, LLC
Chief Executive Officer
September 2008 - April 2012 (3 years 8 months)
Greater Philadelphia Area

Untra Academic Management Solutions (AMS) started following the
technology transfer of IP from preceding projects at Drexel University and
provided solutions, strategic consulting, and technology management services
to education. Untra AMS brought together people, processes, and technology,
to help academic institutions increase performance through better educational
experiences, improved constituent services, and increased accountability
through assessment. Untra AMS later became AEFIS, INC.


Drexel University
13 years

Information Systems Consultant
1999 - 2009 (10 years)
Designed and developed the BIOMED Continous Quality Improvement (CQI)
system for the management of assessment data gathering and analysis for
ABET Accreditation. Subsequently, commercialized the concepts through
technology transfer of IP, and started a new business to help universities and
colleges transition to authentic assessment for learning and improve student
success at scale through effective software.

                                  Page 2 of 3
Information Systems & Technology Manager
September 1996 - August 2004 (8 years)
Led the design and implementation of web communications and information
exchange infrastructure on the intranet and the Internet.




Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Professional Education, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning · (January
2023 - May 2023)


Drexel University's LeBow College of Business
B.S., Commerce and Engineering · (August 1994 - June 1999)




                                   Page 3 of 3
